Minor fixes to Getting Started, plus reworking recommended inventory … (#4955)
rubyforgood/human-essentials: docs/user_guide/bank/getting_started_inventory.md

# Getting started -- Inventory
When we set up your organization, we provide a default set of Items ranging from adult briefs to kids (newborn) 
to tampons. You can modify this list at any time, through the [Inventory Items](inventory_items.md) feature.  

## Audits

Once you have determined your set of Items, the best way to set up your inventory is by performing an initial audit.  

> This is a two-stage process where users without admin access can enter the count for each item in a storage location,  'confirm' the work,  then a person with admin access 'finalizes' the audit to set the  inventory to the audited levels.

Reviewer: whitespace nits, and maybe breaking it out into an explicit list makes it more obvious how the steps fit into the two key stages? (Initially was a bit hard to parse that the first bit about the non-admin is joined with 'confirming' as a single stage.)
```suggestion
This is a two-stage process where
1. users without admin access can enter the count for each item in a storage location and confirm the work, and then
2. a person with admin access finalizes the audit to set the inventory to the audited levels.
```
